Update 'Welcome to Manifest V3' (#7178)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/mv3/intro/index.md

> 

Reviewer: GitHub isn't letting me suggest in the metadata lines. Please change the `updated` date to today.

In the future:
* If mere polish the existing content, don't change `updated`.
* If you you rewrite the page, do change `updated'.

Author: Done. Thanks!

{% Partial 'extensions/mv3-support.md' %}

Manifest Version 3 (Manifest V3) is the latest iteration of the Chrome extension platform. This page outlines the changes in Manifest V3 and provides migration resources.

An extension [manifest][doc-manifest] gives the browser information about an extension's capabilities and the files it uses. The features available for extensions to use are defined by the current [manifest version][manifest-version]. Manifest V3 introduces enhancements to extension security, privacy, and performance, and allows extensions to use open web technologies such as service workers and promises.

> The Chrome Web Store no longer accepts new Manifest V2 extensions, and Manifest V2 will be [phased out][mv2-sunset] in 2024. We strongly recommend migrating your extensions to Manifest V3 as soon as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Chrome Web Store no longer accepts new Manifest V2 extensions. Watch the [Manifest V2 support timeline][mv2-sunset] for details. We strongly recommend migrating your extensions to Manifest V3 as soon as possible.
```

Reviewer: The date should not have even been in what you started with since we've pushed back removal a few times already.  This wording future-proofs this page.

## Resources {: #manifest-v3-resources }

Manifest V3 is part of a shift in Chrome's user security and privacy philosophy. The following articles provide an overview of Manifest V3, the reasons for the update, and how to
implement it:

* [Platform vision][mv3-platform] explains how the Manifest V3 changes fit into the big picture.

* [Overview of Manifest V3][mv3-overview] summarizes the technical changes introduced in Manifest V3.

* [Migration guide][mv3-migration] explains how to update Manifest V2 extensions to use Manifest V3. For a quick reference, see [Migration checklist][mv3-checklist].

## Manifest V3 news {: #keep-up-with-the-latest-news }

For more information and updates on Manifest V3, see [What's new in Chrome Extensions][doc-new] and the [Chrome Developer Blog][devs-blog].

> [devs-blog]: https://developer.chrome.com/tags/extensions/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[devs-blog]: https://developer.chrome.com/tags/extensions-news/
```
